>> Brian Holt: So here in the index.html,
I have a doggos class right there.
It's empty div, nothing's in it.
What I wanna do is every
time someone requests a dog,
I want to append an image to it, okay?
So what I'm gonna do here in Doggos.js,
here inside of the .then,
we can get rid of that console down there.
I'm gonna say const img = document,
and there's a thing here
called createElement that we
haven't typically used yet.
But as you might imagine,
this creates a brand new IMG tag, right?
It hasn't attached to the DOM yet, so
we'll do that here in a second, but
it actually creates a new element.
So we're gonna say create a new IMG, okay?
And I'm gonna say image.src
= data.message, right?
>> Brian Holt: And
I'm gonna say image.alt,
the alt text that's gonna be
on it is gonna be Cute doggo.
>> Brian Holt: Then what I'm gonna
say here is, I'm gonna say document
getElement by,
>> Brian Holt: What did I do up there?
QuerySelecter rather,
querySelector.doggos, okay?
And then here I'm gonna say .appendChild.
>> Brian Holt: img.
>> Brian Holt: Or you could put this
on the same line if you want to.
>> Brian Holt: That's up to you.
>> Brian Holt: So line 8 here,
I created a new IMG tag, right?
It doesn't exist yet on the DOM,
I'm creating it programatically
with JavaScript.
I'm setting that image tags source to
whatever message I get back from the API
and sending the alt text to cute doggo.
And then I'm appending that to inside of
the doggos HTML tag that I already have.
That's what does,
is it just takes that element and
it just tags on to the end
whatever you put in there, right?
>> Brian Holt: Make sense?
>> Brian Holt: So
now if you save and refresh this,
hopefully you should start seeing some
dog pictures comeback from the API.
And every time that you refresh
the page you should see a new one.
>> Brian Holt: [LAUGH] I
guess that dog's famous.
Dog has more trophies than I do.
So again, you might image,
rather than requesting data from dog.co,
you might be requesting tweets, right?
And showing the latest tweets about
your favorite sports team, or
politics, or something like that.
>> Brian Holt: And
this is where you do all the processing or
whatever you want to do with that data.
>> Brian Holt: So this is cool, but,
>> Brian Holt: What if you wanna add
a lot a dog pictures,
cuz what's better than one dog picture
is definitely two dog pictures?
So what I'm gonna do here is I'm
gonna go into the index.html, and
I'm going to add another button.
>> Brian Holt: And I'm just gonna say
here at the top button.add-doggo or
something like that, and
we are gonna put an add-doggo button.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, save that.
>> Brian Holt: What I'm gonna do here is
I'm actually going to put all of this
inside of a function.
So I'm actually gonna just
call this function addDoggo.
>> Brian Holt: And I'm just gonna cut
all of this and move it into there.
Or if you're using VS Code you can just
hold Alt and I can just hit up and
down and it will move it up and
down in my code, which is kind of nice.
>> Brian Holt: And
now I have this function,
addDoggo, that I can call
as many times as I want.
>> Brian Holt: And then here at the bottom
I'm just gonna add an event listener
document.addEventListener
>> Brian Holt: Sorry,
not document, but
rather querySelector.add-doggo,
>> Brian Holt: .addEventlistener.
>> Brian Holt: And whenever someone
clicks, I'm just gonna call addDoggo.
>> Brian Holt: Now, if you want you can
just literally move this function right
here and put it right there.
Either works, right?
>> Brian Holt: So now hopefully it
won't load one on initial load, right,
because we never called addDoggo yet.
But if I click addDoggo,
>> Brian Holt: You
can see this one's quite large.
But if I click it again, you can see
there that it keeps adding things to API.
If I click it a bunch of times there's
lots of dogs that come through.
Does that .then thing make sense to you?
It's like here I want you to do
something that's gonna take some time.
And then you call .then, it's like okay,
after that's completed and come back,
right, then do this other thing.
This takes time, right?
The processing of the data requires
the browser to go through and
do a bunch of complicated parsing and
such.
It's like go do that in the background and
then once you've finished, come back and
tell me about it, and
that's what the .then is.
It's like, do this, then do this,
then do this, then do this, then do this.
And you can keep doing
that indefinitely as well.